art: _
herish Over a -
ace, deep Withp
St shared it W i
SETVE as a dail
1 be. The words
Xepeating them
has had a very
member, John,

read:

ose, soIme
eak thell
1S, yol Hf
you find
Arma
discov"

grea

 

The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari

In that instant, I saw the connection between physical vitality
and mental agility. Julian was in picture-perfect health and looked
many years younger than he had when we had first met. He
brimmed with vibrancy and it appeared that his energy, enthus'asm
and optimism knew no bounds. | could see that he had made many
changes to his former lifestyle, but it was obvious that the starting
point of his magnificent transformation was mental fitness. Success
on the outside indeed begins with success on the inside, and by
changing his thoughts, Julian Mantle had changed his life.

“Exactly how can I develop this positive, serene and inspired
attitude, Julian? After all these years in my routine, I think my
mental muscles have grown a little flabby. Come to think of it, I
have very little control over the thoughts that are floating around

the garden of my mind,” I said with sincerity.

“The mind is a wonderful servant but a terrible master. If you
have become a negative thinker, this is because you have not cared
for your mind and taken the time to train it to focus on the good.
Winston Churchill said that ‘the price of greatness is
responsibility over each of your thoughts.’ Then you will install the
vibrant mindset you are looking for. Remember, the mind truly is
like any other muscle in your body. Use it or lose it."

“Are you saying that if I don’t exercise my mind it will grow
weak?”

“Yes, Look at it this way. If you want to strengthen the
muscles of your arm to achieve more, you must train them. If you
want to toughen up your leg muscles, you must first exert them.
Similarly, your mind will do wonderful things for you if you will
only let it. It will attract all that you desire into your life, once you
learn how to operate it effectively. It will create ideal health if you
care for it properly. And it will return to its natural state of

RRS